feat: add resend email provider docs (#1120)
auth0/docs-v2: main/docs/customize/email/smtp-email-providers/resend.mdx

---
title: Configure Resend as an Email Provider
sidebarTitle: Configure Resend
description: Instructions on how to configure Resend as an email provider with Auth0.
---

## Prerequisites

* You must have a [Resend](https://resend.com) account.

* You must verify at least one domain in Resend before you can send emails. To learn more, read Resend's [domain verification documentation](https://resend.com/docs/dashboard/domains/introduction).

* You must configure your provider to allow inbound connections from specific [Auth0 IP addresses](/docs/secure/security-guidance/data-security/allowlist).

## Configure Resend

1. Log in to your [Resend](https://resend.com) account.

> 2. Navigate to **API Keys** and click **Create API Key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Navigate to **API Keys** and select **Create API Key**.
```

Author: This one's a button, so click feels appropriate IMO.

3. Type a name for your key, select the appropriate permission level and domain, and click **Add**.
<Frame>
  <img src="/docs/images/customize/emails/providers/resend-create-api-key.png" />
</Frame>
4. Copy the API key value. You will not be able to see it again.
5. Navigate to Auth0 [Dashboard > Branding > Email Provider](https://manage.auth0.com/#/branding/email_provider).
6. Activate the **Use my own email provider** toggle.

> 7. Click the **Resend** logo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Select the **Resend** logo.
```

> 8. Type a **From** email address, paste the Resend **API Key** you copied, and click **Save**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Type a **From** email address, paste the Resend **API Key** you copied, and select **Save**.
```

Author: This one is a button too, so same as above.

> The **From** email address must use a domain you have verified in Resend. If you are using [passwordless authentication with email](/docs/authenticate/passwordless#email), the **From** email address value for your <Tooltip tip="Passwordless: Form of authentication that does not rely on a password as the first factor." cta="View Glossary" href="/docs/glossary?term=passwordless">passwordless</Tooltip> connection must match the **From** email address value you're using for Resend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **From** email address must use a domain you have verified at Resend. If you are using [passwordless authentication with email](/docs/authenticate/passwordless#email), the **From** email address value for your <Tooltip tip="Passwordless: Form of authentication that does not rely on a password as the first factor." cta="View Glossary" href="/docs/glossary?term=passwordless">passwordless</Tooltip> connection must match the **From** email address value you are using at Resend.
```

Author: Updated with something slightly better.

## Send a test email

> Send a test email using the **Send Test Email** button. If the configuration is correct, you receive a confirmation email. If you do not receive an email after a few minutes, check your [Auth0 logs](https://manage.auth0.com/#/logs) for error codes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Send a test email using the **Send Test Email** button. If the configuration is correct, you will receive a confirmation email. If you do not receive an email after a few minutes, check your [Auth0 logs](https://manage.auth0.com/#/logs) for error codes.
```
